A: So tell me about yourself. Why do you want this job?
B: I am a Computer Science major and am going to be a junior. I've worked on both backend and frontend and am willing to learn any new tools and take on a variety of responsibilities. In addition to challenging myself in classes, I've also worked on a few side projects with my classmates which have turned out to be very rewarding. I'm passionate about the product that you guys are developing, and I think the company would be a great environment for me to learn and contribute. As a result, I feel like I'm an ideal candidate for this position because I'm creative, hardworking and a fast learner. 
A: What has been your prior experience with working on teams?
B: I trust my teammates a lot and have become close to them from working with them. I'm very adaptable and have held a variety of roles on different teams. If there is a need for a leader, I will step up and create goals for the team, but I also think there is a lot of value is listening to others and letting others initiate ideas. I like to make sure that everyone is heard and that we are working together towards a goal we all are passionate about. In my experience, it has made working in groups very enjoyable, and I've learned a lot from my teammates and collaborations. 
A: Tell me about a challenge you've faced, and how you overcame it.
B: I was once on a team that had a member who was very smart, but stubborn and felt as if he didn't need others' input. It was sometimes difficult to work with him because we wanted the group to succeed as a whole. After a few repeated situations, I approached him individually and asked him about how he felt towards the team and his thought process. It turns out that he felt as if his ideas weren't valued, so we made an effort to acknowledge his contributions and discuss his recommendations. I thought this was an innovative solution to our problem.
A: What is one accomplishment you're most proud of?
B: Last semester, I worked on a team that was developing an internal product. As a team, we felt that we had created a very useful tool that had many applications throughout the company. However, we had very few users initially, which was frustrating because we knew the potential the product had. By using our connections and continuing to believe in our product, we were able to convince the majority of the company to switch over to our platform and we've received great reviews since then.
A: What are your strengths and weaknesses?
B: My strengths are my communication with my team, ability to adapt to the situation, and willingness to fill different team roles. My weakness is sometimes not sticking up for my own idea when other people disagree. I think this makes me open-minded, but I still need to work on my confidence. There's always room for improvement!
A: What are your top three priorities in choosing a place to work at?
B: The company and team dynamic are most important to me. I believe that if you are working in an environment that you feel comfortable in, you are most creative. In addition, I look for work that is both challenging and socially impactful, and I think that this company meets all those requirements.
A: Do you have any questions?
B: I would love to hear how you came to the company and what your thoughts are about it. I love working with others. I also love hearing about others opinions. 